#summary How to use LibCat

This section describes how to download and build LibCat for use in another application.


= How to get a copy =

Releases are available here: http://code.google.com/p/libcatid/downloads/list

To download the latest code from SVN: http://code.google.com/p/libcatid/source/checkout


= Microsoft Windows =

LibCat requires Windows XP SP1 or newer.


= Microsoft Visual Studio 2005/2008 =

Solution files have been provided for MSVC, so re-building is easy.

To statically link with some part of LibCat:
 * I recommend copying the LibCat code into your development folder, to make updating it easy.
 * Specify the path to \lib\cat\ in "Additional Library Directories" in your project linker settings.
 * Specify the name of the LibCat static library to link to in "Additional Dependencies."
 * Under C/C++ "General", specify the path to LibCat's \include\ folder in "Additional Include Directories."
 * In your source, #include <cat/AllTunnel.hpp> or whatever part you want to include.
 * You may want to examine some of the test projects to get ideas for how to use the code.

See "Build MSVC.txt" for more information.


= Other Compilers (Eclipse, etc) =
 * Download and install CMAKE version 2.6 or newer.
 * Run CMAKE on the /build/ directory to create a makefile for the compiler of your choice.
 * Run the makefile in your target compiler to create static libraries that your project can link to.
 * If it doesn't compile please Email me (mrcatid@gmail.com) and I will fix it for you.

= QtCreator in particular =
 * Download and install CMAKE version 2.6 or newer.
 * You may need to specify the location of CMake before doing this, in the QtCreator options.
 * Open the /build/CMakeLists.txt as a project file in QtCreator.
 * During the import, it will prompt you for parameters to pass to CMake.  In Windows I have found it necessary sometimes to pass in this line:

-D CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM="C:/Qt/2009.04/mingw/bin/mingw32-make.exe"


= Linux =

LibCat uses the 'vmstat -s' command to collect entropy for its random number generator.

You can use CMAKE to generate a Makefile for your platform.  Simply invoke "cmake" from within the ./build directory.

After building, the LibCat static libraries should be present in the ./lib/cat/ directory.

You can now link to these static libraries in your own application.